Republicans and Democrats have both created our economic problems.
I was thrilled to be back in the Great city of Charlotte, North Carolina with thousands of hardworking American Patriots who love our Country, cherish our values, respect our laws, and always put AMERICA FIRST! Thank you for a wonderful evening!! #KAG2020 
RT  READ: Letter to surveillance court obtained by CBS News questions where there will be further disciplinary action and cho…
The Unsolicited Mail In Ballot Scam is a major threat to our Democracy, &amp; the Democrats know it. Almost all recent elections using this system, even though much smaller &amp;  with far fewer Ballots to count, have ended up being a disaster. Large numbers of missing Ballots &amp; Fraud!
RT  Very friendly telling of events here about Comey's apparent leaking to compliant media. If you read those articles and tho…
RT  President  announced historic steps to protect the Constitutional right to pray in public schools! 
Getting a little exercise this morning! 




RT  
RT  The economic boom continues!

273K jobs added in February 

7M+ jobs added since  was elected

Unemploym…
RT  Vindman's behavior is a scandal. He should be removed from the  White House ASAP to protect our foreign poli…
Thank you Elise! 
As per your request, Joe...  
RT  President Trump was outstanding.  I couldn't be prouder.  Biden was making faces and was very dishonest about some of hi…
RT  Winning, winning, winning! 

The threshold identification of Ballots is turning out to be even bigger than originally anticipated. A very large number of Ballots are impacted. Stay tuned!
“I’m running as a proud Democrat, for the Senate”. Sleepy Joe Biden today. It’s only going to get worse. It is not sustainable for our County - China will own us!!!!
HUGE win today for the United States and for peace in the world. Sudan has agreed to a peace and normalization agreement with Israel! With the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain, that’s THREE Arab countries to have done so in only a matter of weeks. More will follow! 
RT  I guarantee it was the 1st time millions of Americans learned the “kids in cages” was Obama not Trump because the medi…
Thank you Megyn! 
11 DAYS! #MAGA 
RT  Trump won this debate, handily. Biden wasn’t a force at all. Trump was substantive, on-point, well-tempered. Definitely hel…
Nevada is turning out to be a cesspool of Fake Votes.  &amp;  are finding things that, when released, will be absolutely shocking!

Wisconsin is looking very good. Needs a little time statutorily. Will happen soon!  
Nobody is showing up for Obama’s hate laced speeches. 47 people! No energy, but still better than Joe!



Pennsylvania prevented us from watching much of the Ballot count. Unthinkable and illegal in this country.
Just landed in Ohio. See you in a little while!
RT  I will be there. Historic day!
Georgia will be a big presidential win, as it was the night of the Election!

THANK YOU OHIO! #VOTE 

How can you certify an election when the numbers being certified are verifiably WRONG. You will see the real numbers tonight during my speech, but especially on JANUARY 6th.  Republicans have pluses &amp; minuses, but one thing is sure, THEY NEVER FORGET!
Great to be in Ohio, leaving now for Wisconsin. See you in a little while! 
RT  LIVE: Press Conference with Kayleigh McEnany and RNC Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel 
RT  Look at the size of this crowd down Pennsylvania Ave.

More than a MILLION people showed up to support this President.…
RT  BLM-antifa thugs are running around and beating people on the streets in DC. Video by  
RT  Young couple in DC followed by crowd of BLM-antifa thugs who hit them and throw liquid on them. #MillionMAGAMarch 
RT  #Developing: The #DominionVotingSystems that "glitched" in favor of Joe Biden (and was used in 29 states), partnered up wit…
RT  It was a GREAT honor to speak to TENS OF THOUSANDS of great Americans today at the #MarchForTrump

WE. ARE. THE. MAJORI…

“We’ve seen in the last few months, unprecedented amounts of Voter Fraud.”   True!

“We are not acting to thwart the Democratic process, we are acting to protect it.” 



The “Surrender Caucus” within the Republican Party will go down in infamy as weak and ineffective “guardians” of our Nation, who were willing to accept the certification of fraudulent presidential numbers!
RT  President  on his way to a massive #MAGA🇺🇸🦅rally in Circleville, Ohio. Absolutely unbelievable—OHIO is TRUM…

RT  People ask why the President fights so hard in court for ballot integrity?  Why we have such an extensive Election Day Oper…
RT    Thank the Lord most High!🙏🏻
God bless the peacemakers  bless our brave…
Very good reviews on last night’s  Town Hall in Miami. Thank you!!!
Polls numbers are looking very strong. Big crowds, great enthusiasm. Massive RED WAVE coming!!!
RT  BREAKING: Boris Johnson says the U.K. will now get ready to split from the EU’s single market and customs union without a new t…
RT  Biden/Harris will raise your taxes. Fact Check: True.  

VP Biden said so last week when he said he would repeal the Trump ta…
Biden lied Pennsylvania! 
RT  Somebody is mad that  didn’t start any wars and wants to leave the ones we are in. Vote Biden/Harris if you w…
RT  Open the schools! I wonder where the “listen to the science” people will go when the science doesn’t support their fearmonger…
RT  Great meeting young cancer survivor Reed Elliotte yesterday at the #ProAmericaRally in Lexington KY. 
RT    Our Beloved President Donald The Man Of Peace And Prosperity To Great America And The Whole Worl…
RT    No more blood for oil as long as  is President ✔
Thank you! 
RT     Amen!  Not a lot of people understand what  has done!  It is truly amazin…
RT  In his term,  has already brought home thousands of our brave soldiers. He wants the rest home by Christmas a…
Thank you LIBERTARIANS. We are getting it all done, and FAST! VOTE TRUMP!!! 
The process has long begun. Happening fast! 
RT  Trump Supporters as far as you can see at Freedom Plaza 
Heading to Georgia now. See you soon!
RT  TONIGHT: Watch President  Remarks from Waukesha, Wisconsin at 8:00 pm ET!

RSVP: 

This is good news, it means I won! 
cc:   
RT  President  won the debate!

"Why didn't you do that four years ago,  I ran because of you because you…
On my way, see you soon! 

...AND I WON THE ELECTION. VOTER FRAUD ALL OVER THE COUNTRY! 
RT  🚨🚨🚨

Fake News  reached out for an interview.

I agreed.

I let them know that their country’s opinion stopped…
Dominion is running our Election. Rigged! 

...The worst polling ever, and then they’ll be back in four years to do it again. This is much more then voter and campaign finance suppression!
Thank you OHIO! #VOTE
 
What a terrible thing for Biden to say! Rigged Election? 
RT  REVEALED: Sworn Evidence Of Pervasive Voter Fraud #Affidavits 

Rudy Giuliani breaks it down here: 
I strongly stand with Kelly &amp; David. They are both great and MUST WIN! 
RT  Hey  are you going to denounce this? 
RT  ANTIFA SCUM ran for the hills today when they tried attacking the people at the Trump Rally, because those people aggr…
Landed in Wisconsin. BIG CROWD. On my way!




As I have long said,  and the others would only announce a Vaccine after the Election, because they didn’t have the courage to do it before. Likewise, the  should have announced it earlier, not for political purposes, but for saving lives!
...ABC/WaPo had me down 17 points in Wisconsin, the day before the election, and I WON! In Iowa, the polls had us 4 points down, and I won by 8.2%! Fox News and Quinnipiac were wrong on everything...
.  ABC/WaPo, NBC/WSJ were so inaccurate with their polls on me, that it really is tampering with an Election. They were so far off in their polling, and in their attempt to suppress - that they should be called out for Election Interference...
RT  THIS 👇🏻👇🏻
Pleased to announce that  &amp;  have just joined our great #StopTheSteal group of Senators. They will fight the ridiculous Electoral College Certification of Biden. How do you certify numbers that have now proven to be wrong and, in many cases, fraudulent!
If Joe Biden were President, you wouldn’t have the Vaccine for another four years, nor would the  have ever approved it so quickly. The bureaucracy would have destroyed millions of lives!
The  and the Democrats didn’t want to have me get a Vaccine WIN, prior to the election, so instead it came out five days later – As I’ve said all along!
Who will be running for Governor of the Great State of Ohio? Will be hotly contested!
Another Vaccine just announced. This time by Moderna, 95% effective. For those great “historians”, please remember that these great discoveries, which will end the China Plague, all took place on my watch!
RT  John Bolton was one of the dumbest people in government that I’ve had the “pleasure” to work with. A sullen, dull and…
RT  The only thing that would have surprised me is if Philly didn’t cheat on a big scale in the 2020 election.

It would have…
RT  I imagine this guy has a reading deficit. He didn’t read paragraphs 132 to 150 of the amended complaint. I guess 680,770…
RT  Would you ever hear Biden supporters saying this? #MillionMAGAMarch 
RT  The Million MAGA March happened today.   

Nothing was burned, looted, and no one was shot or killed. 

Tell us again…
The Fake recount going on in Georgia means nothing because they are not allowing signatures to be looked at and verified. Break the unconstitutional Consent Decree!
RT  Amen to that!

Georgia, get out and VOTE for two great Senators,  and  So important to do so!
See you in D.C. 
FLOYD COUNTY, GEORGIA! 


...And a great show by  tonight. Watched it on way from Ohio to Wisconsin! 
The Vice President has the power to reject fraudulently chosen electors.
RT  #BREAKING:   office confirms Floyd County has found 2,600 ballots during audit.  Says Sec. Raffensperger wa…


This was a rigged election. No Republican Poll Watchers allowed, voting machine “glitches” all over the place (meaning they got caught cheating!), voting after election ended, and so much more! 
RT  😐
RT  Crowd: We love you! We love you!
Trump: Thank you! 
Guy in Crowd: We really do! 
😂❤️🇺🇸
RT  The Trump family is right — we need YOU to get out and vote today to defend our majority and defend America! #GASen #gapo…
RT  House Republicans will STOP the fraud and abuse in American elections.

The integrity of our elections must be protected!
Law Enforcement is watching and involved. So dishonest! 

RT  Georgia, we have a job to do TODAY. 

We have to STOP socialism. 

We have to PROTECT the American Dream. 

We have to SAVE…
RT  No doubt about it. 
THANK YOU WISCONSIN!

RT  Thank you,  Go vote, Georgia!
RT  It’s lunchtime. Have you voted yet? 

If you haven’t — GO VOTE and bring 10 people know! 

If you have — call your family, f…
Nolte: Bret Baier Deletes Tweet that Exposed Backlash Against Fox News  via 


Reports are coming out of the 12th Congressional District of Georgia that Dominion Machines are not working in certain Republican Strongholds for over an hour. Ballots are being left in lock boxes, hopefully they count them. Thank you Congressman 
RT  Ouch. 
This is the most important election in the history of our Country. With your vote, we will continue to bring back your jobs, lower drug prices, support our police, protect the #2A, defend our borders, and ensure more products are proudly stamped with the phrase MADE IN THE USA! 
RT   voters across the USA if you have friends or family in Georgia call, text, Facebook, Instagram and email the…
RT  Let's roll. 
We withdrew because we won! 
RT  Joe Biden &amp; surrogates are lying. On 2/2/16, Ukrainian prosecutor seizes property of Burisma owner, so he's clearly under i…
GEORGIA! Get out today and VOTE for  and  
Nothing! 
As long as I am President, I will always stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! Joe Biden won’t. 
Washington is being inundated with people who don’t want to see an election victory stolen by emboldened Radical Left Democrats. Our Country has had enough, they won’t take it anymore! We hear you (and love you) from the Oval Office. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Nolte: Top Pollster Finds 47% Say ‘Likely‘ Democrats Stole Election  via  Rigged Election!
WISCONSIN! #VOTE #MAGA 

“President Trump told us for some time we would be getting a Vaccine by the end of the year and people laughed at him, and here we are with Pfizer getting FDA approval by the end of this month. He was right.” 
I hope the Democrats, and even more importantly, the weak and ineffective RINO section of the Republican Party, are looking at the thousands of people pouring into D.C. They won’t stand for a landslide election victory to be stolen.   
Lawyers now on   &amp; maybe  An open and shut case of voter fraud. Massive numbers!
THE COVID DRUGS NOW AVAILABLE TO MAKE PEOPLE BETTER ARE AMAZING, BUT SELDOM TALKED ABOUT BY THE MEDIA! Mortality rate is 85% down!
Voter Fraud in Detroit is rampant, and has been for many years!
 
“Only because of President Trump, we are going to have a Vaccine by the end of the year.”  Ronny Jackson, Texas Congressman-Elect
Antifa is a Terrorist Organization, stay out of Washington. Law enforcement is watching you very closely!       
WE ARE MAKING BIG PROGRESS. RESULTS START TO COME IN NEXT WEEK. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“Evidence of voter fraud continues to grow, including 20,000 dead people on the Pennsylvania voters roll and many thousands all over the Country. Now, there has been an artificial number of votes in favor of Joe Biden.” 
Almost ZERO ballots rejected in Georgia this election. In years past, close to 4%. Not possible. Must have signature check on envelopes now. Very easy to do. Dems fighting because they got caught. Far more votes than needed for flip. Republicans must get tough! 
Just saw the vote tabulations. There is NO WAY Biden got 80,000,000 votes!!! This was a 100% RIGGED ELECTION.
RT  The metadata on the Biden family’s pitch materials to the Chinese Communist Party show that the doc was created on Jim…
I will be speaking at the SAVE AMERICA RALLY tomorrow on the Ellipse at 11AM Eastern. Arrive early — doors open at 7AM Eastern. BIG CROWDS! 
WE WILL WIN!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! 
RT  Joe Biden is campaigning with a conspiracy theorist who questioned the legitimacy of the Sandy Hook shooting - the shooting…
RT  For nine weeks, Democrats have been afraid to have a real debate on election integrity. 

Why? 
WATCH FOR MASSIVE BALLOT COUNTING ABUSE AND, JUST LIKE THE EARLY VACCINE, REMEMBER I TOLD YOU SO!
No thanks! 
RT  Yes, I can. I lost my brother in the Sandy Hook shooting and it was President  who met with me, heard my st…
RT  With the utmost respect, I thank President  for his leadership on the Federal School Safety Report, and for…
BALLOT COUNTING ABUSE!
RT  “People should not be afraid of their government. Government should be afraid of their people.”
Great book! 
RT  Sidney Powell and Lin Wood hit Georgia with 104-page lawsuit.

RT  Joe Biden: “We have put together the most extensive VOTER FRAUD organization in the history of American politics.”
 https:/…
BIG NEWS IN PENNSYLVANIA! 

A Rigged Election! 
A total FRAUD. Statehouse Republicans, proud, strong and honest, will never let this travesty stand! 
RT  "The least curious people in the country right now appear to be the credentialed news media, a situation normally unique to ti…
RT  It's OK. The Post has weathered the vicissitudes of more than two centuries of American history. We will endure this, too…
Looks like they are setting up a big “voter dump” against the Republican candidates. Waiting to see how many votes they need?
Highly Respected Ken Starr: “Pennsylvania’s three-day extension of the mail-in ballot deadline is a Constitutional Travesty.” Legal scholars agree!
Will use these charts in court case. The Election was a HOAX. Thank you Justin! 
Will go down much further. Weekend daytime even worse, dead. They still don’t get it. Fantastic alternatives! The late/great Roger Ailes is seriously missed, but I still won LEGAL VOTES by a lot!!! 
RT  👀👀 

Joe Biden brags about having “the most extensive and inclusive VOTER FRAUD organization in the history of American pol…
Republicans, don’t let Andrew McCabe continue to get away with totally criminal activity. What he did should never be allowed to happen to our Country again. FIGHT FOR JUSTICE!
Just happened to have found another 4000 ballots from Fulton County. Here we go!
RT  Why are they stopping the vote count in Democrat Chatham county, Georgia?

This sounds familiar! 🤨
RT  Murkowski had hoped to preemptively nuke the SCOTUS nomination by playing games early in the process. But once it became clea…
 There will be no lockdowns other than those done by certain Democrat governors!
So much TRUTH! 
RT  Here is the Burisma email  referenced about 'closing down any cases.'

We need to bring the focus back to t…
Happy 245th Birthday to the  #HappyBirthdayMarines  
RT  The steal is in the making in Georgia. Wait for it.
RT  I have seen the claim that the United States has a higher fatality rate from Covid-19 than other wealthy nations. This cl…
Nate Simington, a very smart and qualified individual, is having his Senate hearing today. Republicans will hopefully confirm him to the FCC ASAP! We need action NOW on this very important nomination!!   
RT  The media tried to ignore it, here are clips from the hearing. 

RT  . &amp; Barack Obama killed the coal industry and if elected he will come after oil &amp; gas!  is a ch…
Pennsylvania Party Leadership votes are this week. I hope they pick very tough and smart fighters. We will WIN!!
RINO Mitt Romney should read this. I’m sure, however, that he feels he got slaughtering by Obama “fair and square”. 
A brilliant woman of courage! 
RT  Incredible. The one public appearance Joe Biden does this weekend is a speech in Pennsylvania that immediately turns into…

RT  I wonder when the water main is gonna burst in Georgia....
RT  Democrats scrounging up votes from mystical places again....

RT  Joe Biden said he couldn’t get anything done during his last eight years because he had a Republican Congress.


Nate Simington, a very smart and qualified individual, is having his Senate hearing today. Republicans will hopefully confirm him to the FCC ASAP! We need action NOW on this very important nomination!!   
Get smart Republicans. FIGHT! 
The great  daytime ratings CRASH will only get worse! 
RT  🔊WOW! We hear you from the West Wing—THANK YOU❤️🇺🇸🦅 
RT  Pennsylvania is going to Trump.  The legislators have spoken.
Ballot Corruption will be exposed tonight at 9:00pmE on  on 
RT  Dershowitz thinks if this goes to SCOTUS, Trump will win
 

A must read. Impossible for Biden to have overcome these, and even greater, odds! 
RT  We don't build walls because we hate the people on the outside. 

We build walls because we love the people on the inside.
So true! 
If Vice President  comes through for us, we will win the Presidency. Many States want to decertify the mistake they made in certifying incorrect &amp; even fraudulent numbers in a process  NOT approved by their State Legislatures (which it must be). Mike can send it back!

Thank you Elizabeth, LOVE! 
I gave a long news conference today after wishing the military a Happy Thanksgiving, &amp; realized once again that the Fake News Media coordinates so that the real message of such a conference never gets out. Primary point made was that the 2020 Election was RIGGED, and that I WON!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd is so happy with the fake voter tabulation process that he can’t even get the words out straight. Sad to watch!

RT   Romney has lost his mind since 2016
Twitter is sending out totally false “Trends” that have absolutely nothing to do with what is really trending in the world. They make it up, and only negative “stuff”. Same thing will happen to Twitter as is happening to  daytime. Also, big Conservative discrimination!

RT  Joe Biden would put 19 million American jobs on the chopping block with his radical energy agenda! 

Thank you Pensacola, Florida! Together, we are going to Make America Great Again! 
States want to correct their votes, which they now know were based on irregularities and fraud, plus corrupt process never received legislative approval.  All Mike Pence has to do is send them back to the States, AND WE WIN. Do it Mike, this is a time for extreme courage!
We have great support on the Election Hoax! 
For purposes of National Security, Section 230 must be immediately terminated!!!


“I don’t care what State your in, this computer voting system is wide open to fraud and intervention.”   True, and wait until you see what’s coming!
THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND, MORE IMPORTANTLY, OUR COUNTRY, NEEDS THE PRESIDENCY MORE THAN EVER BEFORE - THE POWER OF THE VETO. STAY STRONG!
RT  If Trump's Team can prove the fraud information they laid out, this election will be overturned.  
RT  President  says vaccine distribution will “start next week and the week after” for frontline workers, senior…
They just happened to find 50,000 ballots late last night. The USA is embarrassed by fools. Our Election Process is worse than that of third world countries!
RT  I call him Mr President out of respect for the office he holds.
“I don’t care what state you’re in, this computer voting system is wide open to fraud and intervention.”   True, and wait until you see what’s coming!
RT  The fact that the MSM didn't cover the Trump legal team press conference tells you everything you need to know about whet…
RT  President  delivers a #Thanksgiving message via video conference to members of the U.S. military 
RT  Look at this in Michigan! A day AFTER the election, Biden receives a dump of 134,886 votes at 6:31AM! 
Wow! Twitter bans highly respected Pennsylvania State Senator Doug Mastriano after he did a great job of leading a hearing on the 2020 Election fraud. They and the Fake News, working together, want to SILENCE THE TRUTH. Can’t let that happen. This is what Communist countries do!
BIG NEWS: Pennsylvania Poll Watcher: USB Drives uploaded to machines, gave Biden thousands of votes. Says 47 USB Drives are now missing. EVERY UPLOAD GAVE BIDEN 50,000 VOTES. 
“President Trump nominates record number of Federal Judges.” 
